Oh welcome to the Wordpress theme project's course by Onix.
My name is Brad travesty and I'll be your instructor for this course.
So in this course we're going to be building 10 WordPress themes from start to finish.
We're going to be looking at all of the fundamental knowledge that is needed to start building great
WordPress themes.
So those 10 projects are sections and there's six to ten lectures per section and then we have anywhere
between 1 and 3 videos per lecture.
They'll also be one section quiz that will have up to five or six questions.
So what you should know before taking this course you should definitely have experience with each team
on CSX preferably HDMI 5.
You should know some ph P at least the basics.
We're not going to get into really in-depth ph coding but you should definitely know the basics WordPress
although you don't need to know how to build WordPress themes or plug ins you should have a general
idea of what Wordpress is how to install it and how to I guess manage award press Web site and then
programming fundamentals things like array's variables loops if statements and things that are found
across a wide range of programming languages.
So here is a list of the technologies and concepts that we'll be looking at through this course.
This is an all of them but this is these are most of the common ones.
Obviously HTL CSSA and ph P are extremely important.
That's what everything is based around.
We have Wordpress the Wordpress post loop which is the main loop that grabs the posts from the database
hooks and actions of functions P2P file where thats where we put our dynamic code for for a WordPress
theme widgets W.P. queery which is used to make custom queries.
So if you want to get queries by category or by users anything like that theme custom Isar which is
fairly new this is where we can actually store settings and values and things like that for particular
themes.
So we're also going to use a range of frameworks of front end C Ss framework such as bootstrap Foundation
Inc.
We're also going to use grid ism which is a really lightweight grid based framework and then W3 CSSA
which is a fairly new front end framework.
So here's an overview of the projects we have the simple theme this is going to be an introductory theme
.
We're not really going to focus on design here it's going to be more on the actual syntax and that the
files that need to be created things like that.
The advanced theme will go a little more in-depth adding things like archived and search pages things
like that.
Then we'll build a photo gallery theme we're going to use the W3 CSSA framework and also include some
simple animation word strap is going to be our first Twitter bootstrap theme.
We're going to implement that.
We're also going to use something called the W.P. Nav. Walker which is a class we can use to have dropdown
menus in Word Press.
We'll be building an e-commerce theme using the foundation framework which is similar to bootstrap the
business theme.
This will rely heavily on the theme.
Customize or API we're also use Fonte awesome for icons and make it look really nice.
Clean cut is another bootstrap theme we're also going to use animate CSSA with that and we'll also use
theme customizing quite a bit.
WP news is going to be a news based theme on the ink framework and we're going to use slider's and some
javascript widgets in that as well.
Four Corners is going to be a really simple elegant theme based on foundation.
We're also going to use a library called hover dot CSSA which gives us some nice animation when we hover
over elements and then finally we'll build the dynamo theme which is going to use grid Asom.
It's going to use an slider which is a J Querrey slide show component.
Jay queery tabs and we're also going to make it so we can customize the color and we can set a light
in a dark preset for the theme.
All right.
So we have a lot of information packed into this into this course.
Hopefully guys like it and I'll see you in the first project.